[Annalise] Previously on
How to Get Away with Murder...
Why do you look like
someone just died?
I want something to happen.
I just don't know
if I'm allowed.
I'm saying you are.
[Oliver]
Say yes to our wonderful,
new, cheap life together.
-Marry me.
-I can't.
[Annalise] Do you even know
who you are, Asher?
Because all I see is a boy
who people-pleases
and plays the clown.
I was the sole partner
who believed in this deal.
Don't embarrass me.
-[Frank] Gabriel Maddox
is lying to you.
-[Nate] Run the tests.
We got a match.
She's the mother. He's her son.
Welcome to the clinic,
Mr. Maddox.
-I'm up.
-Your funeral.
-♪ I gotta go ♪
-♪ Hey, hey ♪
♪ Yeah, out that door ♪
-♪ Hey, hey, hey ♪
-♪ Dig it ♪
-[cooing]
-♪ When we met
I thought you were true ♪
-♪ Gotta go ♪
-♪ 'Cause the world
I was thinking about you ♪
♪ Dig it
Everything is gonna
Be all right ♪
-♪ I gotta go ♪
-♪ Backing up, backing up...♪
[Frank] What about turning it
into a gym?
I'll buy
some free weights.
You can keep it tight
for the new boyfriend.
Are you projecting onto me
now that you're sad and lonely?
I miss my little guy,
not her.
-Can you pack up the rest of
this stuff while I'm at work?
-After I hoop.
Frank...
I'm sad and lonely.
Let me go make
some new friends.
[Zoot Woman's
"Driver, Passenger" plays]
♪ What are we holding on to? ♪
♪ Shook up, black and blue ♪
-Where do you want this?
-♪ Distance in your kiss ♪
Oh, here.
♪ Shows the future in this ♪
On the side.
Cost as much
as it weighs?
Yes.
And I earned it.
He's refusing to eat, Laurel.
Did you try
the choo-choo?
And the roller coaster. I think
he just wants you to do it.
Oof, Oli, that is not
what a mom wants to hear
from her new nanny.
You're doing great.
And I am getting him child care
this week, promise.
-I have the day off, it's fine--
-I mean it.
I just need to find
a stupid daycare to take him.
He's just trying to be like
his dad-- Little Waitlist.
-Oliver! You threw your work
shirt in with my laundry!
-I did?
-You owe me a new blouse.
-Hurry or you'll be late
for class!
Oh, you mean that class
you didn't get into?
-Actually, I'm over that.
-No, you're not.
Yeah, I am.
Because I'm a resilient
and creative individual
who has a Plan B that is gonna
make all of you super jealies.
-[gasps]
-[mug shatters]
[Christopher crying]
I'll buy plastic dishes
this week.
♪ Drifting is what we are ♪
♪ We have gone too far ♪
♪ Who's the driver? ♪
[sighing]
♪ Who is the passenger? ♪
A little early
for a make-out.
I found out where the son's
DNA sample came from.
I didn't ask you
to do that.
Because you're a good guy.
That's why I did it.
The only thing we have on file
about the son is that we ran the
DNA test using a blood sample.
-And?
-Look at the coding.
This number tells us
where the sample came from.
I'd never seen it before,
so I dug around--
Just tell me
where it's from.
D.C.
The U.S. Organization
for Missing Children.
[telephone ringing]
Nate Lahey. I'm an investigator
with the Philadelphia D.A.
I called about getting access
to this evidence file.
[keyboard clacking]
Infant Abductions.
Take a seat.
I'll let my case manager
know you're here.
Oh, yeah!
Oh!
You owe me tuition the way
I'm schooling you out here.
I'm gonna
grab some water.
Give you a chance
to catch your breath.
[Gabriel] I got to get to class.
Right when I'm about
to beat your ass.
You're funny, old man.
[indistinct conversations]
-Hello.
-You lost?
-Part of my job is to keep an
eye on the firm's investments.
-And me?
Well, you can handle it, and I
might learn a thing or two.
Well, you can find your
own seat. We're full.
Thanks to my Supreme Court win,
all 91 members of my class
action can now file an appeal
and get the representation
that they should've had
the first time around-- us.
Now, the exciting news is that
we already have an enemy.
Governor Birkhead thinks that
if we start winning appeals,
then all the dangerous, violent
criminals will flood the streets
and ruin her chance
at re-election.
Now, the governor
is not our only enemy.
You also have to fight each
other for the 64 G's
of this man's money.
Mr. Emmett Crawford, managing
partner at Caplan & Gold.
Now, who can fill Mr. Crawford
in on our first client?
Ms. Navarro.
Nanda Hashim,
a Muslim woman
currently serving 20 years
for killing her wife,
Ally Bathurst,
in a vehicular homicide.
-Motive?
-Ally's children told police
their mom wanted a divorce,
so Nanda killed her
to keep her green card.
We were happy.
Ally just converted,
was going to
the mosque with me.
I was in traffic
that night.
I told Ally
I would meet her there.
The police were waiting for me
by the time I arrived.
They found her body
a block away from our house.
Now, if Nanda were innocent,
why did she accept a plea deal
that sentenced her to 20 years?
Nanda claims
her public defender told her
she had no choice
but to take the deal.
This is a classic example
of ineffective assistance
of counsel.
It is on us to prove that
the public defender screwed up,
and it's only then that
the judge will vacate the plea
and give Nanda the trial
that was denied to her
the first time around.
Now, I know
what my strategy would be.
What's yours?
First victim.
Ms. Castillo.
Nanda's lawyer didn't hire
a translator to properly
explain the deal.
She's a non-native
English speaker,
so she couldn't have fully
understood what she was signing.
Someone tell Ms. Castillo
why that pitch is weak.
Ally was
my English teacher.
I took her class
after I was fluent
just to keep seeing her.
Nanda is a Rohingya Muslim
from Myanmar.
For decades, this community has
suffered religious persecution
at the hands
of its own government.
Now, this would cause
anyone psychological issues
such as PTSD,
but her public defender failed
to order her a psych consult.
Nanda saw a therapist
for years before Ally's death.
PTSD was never diagnosed.
Next?
[Nanda] It was Ally's idea
to see a therapist.
It's not like I knew
how to be gay in my faith,
especially being married
to a woman,
having step-children...
I would target Ally's kids,
Hannah and Josh.
They visited Nanda in her cell
the day before she signed
the plea.
We argue that they
threatened her to take the deal
and the public defender
didn't protect her.
What proof of threat
do you have?
It's Nanda's word
against theirs.
That's a steep hill to climb
for me, let alone a law student.
Who's left?
Ms. Pratt.
You've all missed the obvious.
Nanda's court records show
that she wrote her own appeal
from prison.
That proves that her shoddy
lawyer never explained to her
that you can't appeal a plea
once you've signed it.
As such, I say we put
the shoddy lawyer on the stand
and shame him into admitting
he failed when he forgot
to tell you that a guilty plea
was permanent.
He didn't, right?
No. I assumed
I could change my mind
once they figured out
who killed Ally.
Good.
Stick to that story.
I'll take care
of the rest.
[Annalise] You know better
than to over-promise.
I was instilling
confidence.
I'll do that.
You focus on the legal.
This is my case.
I need to focus on everything.
Oh, no.
This is my case.
And I'll take it away
from you at any point.
Is this because
she's a gay immigrant?
-What?
-That's why you picked me.
to teach me a lesson
about Simon.
Do you not understand
what's at stake in this case?
The governor wants us to fail,
I get it--
For Nanda.
If you lose this case,
she has to serve out
a 20-year sentence
and then she gets deported
back to a country
where they're sticking women
and men in concentration camps,
raping and killing them.
Your little plea hearing is
actually a death-penalty case.
But no pressure.
[buzzer]
[telephone ringing]
[door opens]
Mr. Lahey?
It's not often we get calls from
actual District Attorneys,
but Mr. Denver seemed personally
invested in this case.
Do you know
if his lead panned out?
He actually
passed away.
I've been put in charge of
clearing all his open cases.
I got my badge.
The receptionist
took your I.D.
What I need is a signature from
the acting District Attorney.
Right, what do I need
to get signed?
No signature, no file.
[Oliver] Great news. You're just
in time for patty-cake.
-[Christopher cries]
-You want to give him a complex?
Patty-cake's nine-month
territory. Try peek-a-boo.
Believe this guy?
-This guy is more than happy
for you to take over.
-I don't have time.
I just need you to teach me
how to clone a flip phone.
Whose phone?
It's for a side job.
Can you teach me or not?
-No.
-I'll pay you.
I can't teach you
because it's not possible.
The whole point
of having a flip phone
is to avoid being cloned,
hacked, or monitored
by someone like you.
[Michaela] Say hello
to our new enemy.
Mitch Donaldson
was Nanda's public defender,
and it's his soul
I have to crush in court.
Which one of you wants
to play him so I can
practice my takedown?
Perhaps one of you little
piggies grazing for snacks
over there?
-No!
-What?
Christopher just got rejected
from another daycare.
Yikes. You might want to
reconsider marrying Frank.
Rhonda.
You love to hear yourself talk.
-Sit.
-[chuckles]
So you win the 64K?
No way.
I'll go.
What?
You don't want the money?
You think this case
is about money?
It's about genocide.
Thousands of Rohingya Muslims
have been murdered
and sent to
concentrations camps,
but Nanda escaped.
Except now she's locked up
in what's supposed to be
the freest country in the world.
You're messed up
if you're worried about
the prize right now.
Thank you, Gabriel.
Are you tingling
down there, too?
Stop.
I'm being fabstinent.
[Michaela] Mr. Donaldson,
doesn't the sixth amendment
require you
to advise all clients
-pleading guilty
of the conseq--
-[door opens]
Tegan.
I mean, Ms. Price.
Hi.
Yeah, I don't think
that person likes you very much.
Hmm.
It's bad enough you let
Michaela back in this building,
-but Laurel Castillo?
-She's part of my clinic.
-She can ruin me.
-You saved her ass.
Why would she do that?
And I'm supposed to just trust
you on that? The woman who I
begged not to come work here.
Isn't this
getting boring?
I'm tired of the cat-fighting.
I'm guessing you are, too.
Now, we're two grown-ass women
who work well together.
So let's stop
killing each other.
-[knock on door]
-Tegan.
-No me digas.
-[Laurel] I have
been meaning to thank you.
I just knew
I couldn't reach out.
Exactly.
So what makes you think
now is a good time?
Is it the glass walls
where the partners
can see us talking?
Or are you as stupid
as your friend Michaela?
Never speak
to me again.
What did I tell you?
[sighs]
Don't worry.
She hates me, too.
Well, I hate me
for what I'm about to ask.
All I want is to
respect your boundaries.
-Since when?
-C&G has a daycare
for its employees.
Could you ask Emmett
to let me in?
-No.
-But he gave all that money
to the clinic.
And think how nice it would be
to have Christopher so close.
Mothers who have
a whole lot less than you
figure out childcare.
So figure it out.
Be a mom.
I'm sorry I asked.
[Miller] I took your advice
and amped up the part
where I say I'm gonna
continue Denver's legacy.
-It reads well.
-Really?
Yes. So stop sweating.
Oh.
The speech
isn't why I'm sweating.
So, um, can we
go on a proper date finally?
-No.
-Okay, see, this is why
I'm confused, because--
You are auditioning
to become the D.A.
You can't be seen
on a date with an underling.
Oh. Well, I mean, we could
always do it in my office.
You know, take-out, wine,
sad, plastic cups.
You should go.
Hey. D.A. Miller.
I'm, uh, Asher Millstone.
I came here to talk to Bonnie
about an internship,
-but, uh, since you're here--
I'm actually a 3L at Middleton.
-Asher--
I helped Professor Keating
with her class-action suit.
I figured you could use some
help once those appeals
start raining down on you.
-[chuckles]
-Can you handle this?
Thanks for
stepping in there.
-You're not working here.
-Please.
Look, AK dumped me in the same
mean way that she dumped you.
And I got a job here.
Not by asking a friend for help,
but by taking matters
into my own hands.
So, stop being
an entitled millennial
and go find
your own job.
Mr. Donaldson, is it true
you had my client sign
a plea deal
the same day it was offered?
Clients often accept deals
the same day.
Your records show
that you had eight clients
other than Ms. Hashim
that court session,
all of whom took pleas,
which averages to about
20 minutes per client.
-I know what you're doing.
-[Michaela] Are you telling me
that 20 minutes is enough time
to explain the complicated terms
of this deal?
-You think your class action
changed anything, Keating?
-[Judge Wilkins] Mr. Donaldson--
Or that the Governor's just
gonna give us all more money?
-Censure the witness.
-Judge, tell him
to remain quiet.
We had to cut our budget
by firing investigators
-and experts--
-[Judge Wilkins] Quiet--
An innocent woman spent years
in prison because of your
ineptitude, not mine.
And it was your arrogance
that made you think you can
fix an unjust system!
Mr. Donaldson! Enough!
Continue, counsel.
Do you have
any evidence to prove
you told Ms. Hashim
she couldn't appeal her plea?
My testimony is evidence.
You should've learned that
from your professor--
I'm asking you if you have
any irrefutable evidence.
A recording of
a conversation, perhaps?
I'll say it again.
You have my testimony.
Your testimony based on
a memory of three years ago
on a day when you had
eight other clients?
Seems like
a very convenient memory.
-Objection,
badgering the witness.
-Nothing further, Your Honor.
[Judge Wilkins] Miss Montoya,
your witness.
-She did well, right?
-Very.
-Don't get cocky.
-Mr. Donaldson, when you
represented Nanda Hashim,
did she tell you that
she only married her wife
for a green card?
-[both] Objection!
-Lack of foundation.
Miss Montoya hasn't
laid any basis to present
out-of-court evidence
-about Ms. Hashim's marriage.
-Right here.
Prosecution Exhibit A--
Ms. Hashim's
student-visa application.
Under marital status,
Ms. Hashim checked "widowed"
and listed her deceased
husband's name as Raju Hashim.
Did you know that your client
was actually straight,
Mr. Donaldson?
[murmuring]
-Judge, client confidentiality
doesn't allow me to answer--
-So that's a yes.
You knew that her marriage
was a fraud just like
the defendant herself.
Nothing further.
I chose you as my first appeal
because you were trustworthy.
-I am--
-You never told me you were
married to a man.
It was before I even moved here,
before I knew myself.
It doesn't matter!
The judge thinks you're a liar,
and now you've jeopardized
your case and every other
innocent client
I promised to
get out of jail.
-You're being too hard on her.
-I can take it.
Can you?
This is the nice version of me.
Tell us the truth.
Was your marriage real?
[sighs]
Not at first.
My visa was ending,
so Ally offered.
We didn't tell anyone,
even the kids.
But the more time
we spent together, it...
it became real.
I fell in love with her.
That means my takedown of the PD
can still win this.
-If the judge believes her--
-Put me on the stand.
I will swear on the Quran,
convince him that
we were in love.
You think
he cares about love?
He wants facts,
evidence--
The evidence is that
Ally converted for me.
Why would she do that
unless she loved me?
So, yes,
it started as a lie...
but our marriage
was the most real thing
I have ever known.
[Annalise]
We're shifting strategies.
We need to prove that Ally's
kids threatened Nanda
with taking the plea.
-So, my pitch?
-Like I can remember.
This is my case.
I didn't approve
of any change in strategy.
Well, it's a good thing I'm not
looking for your approval.
Dig into Josh and Hannah, find
any pattern of threatening
behavior in their pasts.
I'm not Bonnie.
I'm not gonna stand here
and let you bully me.
Well, there's a difference
between bullying and teaching.
A difference
you clearly don't understand.
It's why Bonnie left you,
why everyone leaves--
You know what? If you keep
talking, you're gonna see
what a real bully looks like.
Who's Bonnie?
Look into Josh and Hannah's
social-media accounts,
police records...
We're not investigators.
How are we supposed to do that?
Well, I hired someone
to help.
-Oliver?
-[door opens, closes]
-No, Oliver's at home
with Christopher.
-Apparently not.
Hey.
Who's with the baby?
[Christopher cooing]
[Moderat's "Intruder" plays]
Hi, I just need
to get to my car.
Sorry, just--
You mind helping me with this?
♪ Yeah, yeah ♪
-Yeah.
-It's not even my kid.
My ex left me with him
and didn't teach me how
to use a stupid stroller.
[sighs] You guys must be
on good terms if she's
letting you watch him.
Life's messy, but there's
no reason we can't all
be adults, right?
[Miller] So, what's the deal
with you and Annalise?
-Okay, stop.
-Ah, come on.
I want to get to know you.
Talking about Annalise
is not how you do that.
Mm.
The real?
I already know you.
You take
your coffee black.
You bite your fingernails
in staff meetings.
You hate compliments
and talking about yourself.
That's only because you're
always talking about yourself--
Well, that's 'cause
you make me feel comfortable.
I think it has something to do
with your face.
-My face?
-Mm-hmm.
I like it.
A lot.
♪ Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh ♪
♪ Oh, oh, oh ♪
♪ Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh ♪
-How did the hearing go?
-Good.
Really?
You keeping tabs
on my cases, too?
[scoffs]
You said it yourself--
if I'm gonna succeed here,
I need you to succeed.
Your first official
C&G case.
Ah, the psychopath CEO?
You're familiar, great.
It's not a good case for me.
It's the perfect case
for you.
I love me
a splashy trial,
but I have about
90 more appeals to win.
It's part of our war
against the Governor.
Did I tell you
she called me?
Not the Governor herself,
but her aide.
Let's just say that I managed to
avoid needing to fire you.
You fire me,
and I'll sue you and her
for retaliatory termination.
I took your side, Annalise.
Now it's your turn to take mine.
I'm not trying
to be difficult.
How is that at all true?
You need me to succeed
for you to succeed.
I can only do that if
I work on cases I care about.
That means the poor people
in my class action,
not some rich bastard who
murdered his business partner.
Have a good night.
[knock on door]
Oh, my God,
I am so sorry.
I wanted to kill Oliver
when he told me.
I'm his godfather, Laurel.
I like hanging with the kid.
[sighs] I'm finding daycare,
which is way more difficult
than it sounds--
not that I'm asking
for your help
because I am
figuring it out on my own.
Liz, this is
Christopher's mom.
Oh, my God,
your baby is so cute.
Like, I can literally
just eat those cheeks.
[sighs] Thanks.
You don't get
to be mad.
Really, Frank?
With my child in the house?
He was asleep,
and I had the baby monitor on.
Yeah, while you were
banging some stranger!
We did it all the time.
What's the big deal?
[exhales sharply]
[siren wails in distance]
[ringing]
Sorry to call so late.
It's fine.
I'm still at the office.
What's up?
Um, I can't remember
my IndexOfLaw password.
Oh, it's the same as always--
Ophelia1933.
-Of course. I'm an idiot.
-[thud]
Do you need to go?
-H-How's the new place?
-Great. You should
come over for dinner.
-I would love that.
-Really?
Of course.
Oh. Well,
what about tomorrow night?
Perfect.
Goodnight.
Night.
-Yeah.
-Hmm.
[Connor] Maybe she's bi.
I mean, the "B"
is the biggest population
of the LGBTQ community.
-Is that true?
-Ask Michaela.
She was engaged to a bi guy.
-Oliver!
-Really?
None of this
helps our case.
Why are you so curious,
Gabey?
Because
it's interesting.
Bi-curious, maybe?
We are happy to help you talk
through any self-discoveries--
-I'm not telling you people
anything about myself.
-So you're open?
-You two, focus--
-[Connor] Because what you
might not realize is that
being queer is actually
one of the best-kept secrets
in the world.
I mean, after you get over
the whole "straight is normal"
thing,
then, you know, you're ready
to give the finger to
a whole bunch of other norms,
like acting your age,
settling down--
Aren't you
about to settle down?
Yeah, but because
I'm in love with my boo,
not because
of any societal pressure.
That sounds pretty good,
doesn't it, Gabe?
Oliver, please tell me
you're finding something to use
against Josh and Hannah.
Nothing.
And I need a snack.
Why are you
being so mean?
Because I'm helping you
work on a case about a gay
immigrant, Michaela.
I have a right
to be petty.
[sighs]
-[Asher] D.A. Miller.
-[Miller] Are you my stalker?
-Uh, I'm Maya Angelou.
-What?
When Maya Angelou was 16,
she tried to get a job
as San Francisco's first
black streetcar conductor,
but all the people there
laughed in her face.
So she kept showing up
until she got the job.
So I'm the racist
streetcar boss?
N-No. No.
Obviously, I-I just
really want this internship.
Kyle, where's Summer Top?
I'm not sure.
See you tomorrow!
[Barham] And when did
the abuse with the Councilman
finally end?
-When I was 15.
-Why?
[Bonnie] I got pregnant.
[Barham] Miss Winterbottom,
what happened to the child?
I passed out during labor,
and, when I woke up,
my father told me
the baby was dead.
-Way to knock.
-[door closes]
I slept with him.
I like him.
[sighs]
Annalise is gonna think
I'm such an idiot.
Annalise is gonna
think that or you?
[Annalise] Promise me
you're not making this up.
We're not. We hacked into Ally's
son's credit card statements.
I-I hacked into them,
and Connor noticed this
from a few years ago.
Josh made monthly payments
to strivingtruth.com,
an underground website
for alt-right racists.
-[Connor] We can take it
to the judge, right?
-[Michaela] No.
I'll put Josh on the stand,
make him crack.
Well, it was Connor's idea
to look up strivingtruth.
Shouldn't he get to do it?
-Oliver--
-64 grand is on the line.
Nanda's life is on the line.
We have to take it
to the judge.
No, Michaela's right.
-What?!
-She's never right.
We get Josh
to confess on the stand,
Nanda walks free today.
Great.
I'll prepare my takedown.
You know this hearing
just turned into a murder trial.
You ready to handle that?
I destroyed
that public defender.
I just need to do the same thing
with this little bigot.
-Okay.
-[both] What?
God forbid I bully you into
doing something that feels
unfair, so it's up to you.
I mean, you let me take over
and get a man who's been
successfully lying to the world
for years to crack on the stand,
or... you can handle it.
[Judge Wilkins] You're acting as
first chair today, Ms. Keating?
Yes, Your Honor.
I'd like to call
Josh Bathurst to the stand.
[sighs] Your mommy's
missing court right now.
That's how much I love you.
[gasps] I'd ask Uncle Frank
to babysit,
but not if he's gonna
sleep with strange ladies.
And I need to shut up right now
because I don't want to
become like my mom...
[coos]
...using you
as a shoulder to cry on.
Oy, your abuela?
Yeah, she's a woman your mom
doesn't want to be like.
Mnh-mnh.
She's a liar. Mm-hmm.
And a snake.
Ohh...
-[coos]
-[toy rattling]
[laughs]
Mm-hmm, your mommy's
gonna fix this.
[cellphone vibrates]
-Manny duty?
-[Annalise] Mr. Bathurst...
You're changing
any diapers.
...can you describe your
relationship with my client?
[Josh] You mean
before my mother died?
Um, I-I'd say
we were close.
It was like
I had a second mom.
You felt that way even though
Nanda was a Muslim immigrant?
Yeah, of course.
Josh, do you recognize
the screen-name Barfly22?
[Josh] I don't think so.
-You sure about that?
-Judge, he answered
the question.
Your Honor, I'd like to enter
Defense Exhibit A.
It's a print-out
from the alt-right website
strivingtruth.com.
Josh, can you read
the highlighted comments
posted by Barfly22?
[clears throat]
"These Muslims have
radicalized our communities
and no one stops them.
You want your child praying
to Allah instead of Jesus?"
That's...despicable.
I agree.
Why did you write it?
I didn't.
My tech expert told me
that the I.P. address
linked to Barfly22
-matches your computer.
-Is that true?
I didn't have time
to check.
Did someone steal your computer
and impersonate you?
Remember,
you're under oath.
We have free speech
in this country.
So whatever it is
you think that I wrote--
This hateful,
anti-Muslim rhetoric--
It does not
make me a murderer.
You know what?
I would agree with you
if you hadn't made up the story
-that your mother
wanted a divorce.
-I didn't make that up.
So was Hannah there when
she told you that? Can you
back him up on that, Hannah?
-Who's the witness here,
Your Honor?
-[Annalise] You thought Nanda
was walking to the mosque
that night, so when you saw
a woman in a hijab,
you ran over your own mother.
That's how incompetent
a killer you are.
-[Josh] I was nowhere near
the house that night.
-Oh, so the cellphone towers
and the street cameras
can prove that?
Or the GPS in your car?
[scoffs]
That public defender
was right about you.
Letting real criminals
loose on the streets
sets us back--
-"Us" as in white people?
-Ms. Keating,
you've made your point--
You're the one who killed
a white woman here, not me. Why?
Did you feel abandoned
by your mommy?
-You are worse
than the rest of them--
-Or was it just hate?
Because your mother chose
to love a brown woman
instead of you?
You are a stain
on this country.
Just like her!
Nothing further.
That was epic.
I'm talking Michael Jordan,
game six, when he hit that
final shot in '98.
Sports fan.
Straight.
[cellphone vibrates]
-What the hell?
-What?
My roommate's kicking me out
of my place.
You can come
live with us.
-Stop.
-What? We can kick Michaela out
and move him in.
And ruin all the fun
you're having staining
her laundry purple?
Haven't we spent enough time
being vindictive?
The D.A. is charging Josh
with first-degree murder
and your attempted murder,
and they've re-instated
your green card.
You're being released.
Alhamdulillah.
Thank you, God.
Thank you, Annalise.
It was a team effort.
Then thank the team.
You don't owe her
anything.
She is alone, too.
Mom would be
so ashamed.
Of him. Not you.
You did good.
That was all you.
Well, you knew
what you didn't know,
and you admitted it.
That's what
grown-ups do.
-D.A. Miller?
-Okay, bro,
this is now creepy--
-Your speech is gonna tank.
-What?
-Asher--
-I saw the copy
on Bonnie's desk.
And, pardon my French,
but it makes you look like
Denver's little bitch boy.
Okay, a tip? Insulting me
is not how you get a job.
Governor Birkhead
is tough on crime, okay?
Which means she's gonna
push the judges to pick
someone that's aggressive.
And no disrespect to a dead man,
but Denver's conviction rate
sucked.
You need to distance yourself
from him and praise the Governor
publicly.
That is the only way that she's
gonna see you are your own man
with your own voice
and your own balls.
-Are you done?
-Wait, that's not bad advice.
There's a lot more
where that came from.
Hmm.
You're hired.
On a trial basis.
You annoy me and you're out.
Not bad
for a millennial, huh?
Something wrong?
Did you know Jorge Castillo's
daughter was working here?
She must be
one of Annalise's students.
Says she knows
who ratted out her father.
Tell Ms. Price
what you told me.
I know
who Jane Doe is.
Ms. Castillo, this firm
no longer represents
your father or you,
so I suggest you think hard
before revealing any information
that could cause legal harm
to you or your family--
It was my mother.
She was reliant on my father,
financially and emotionally,
but she disappeared
after he was arrested.
She's probably
in witness protection.
Why tell us?
I imagine you've been
looking for her within the firm,
or at least that's what I'd do.
I'd hate if my family ruined
another innocent person's life.
-[Laurel] Good news!
-Shh!
-Quiet!
-Christopher's asleep.
And I got the stove to work,
so it's two Christmas miracles.
-Want a s'more for dinner?
-God, yes.
What's the good news?
Tegan got Christopher
into the C&G daycare.
-Wow!
-Why?
Uh, I guess she likes me.
Jealous?
Yeah.
Why does everyone hate me?
-They don't.
-[scoffs] Talk to your fiancé.
Mm. Actually, he has something
to say to you. Oliver?
I put my purple shirt
in with your whites on purpose.
-I knew it.
-And...
Connor-- I mean,
the both of us...
want you to be
our other best man.
-Aww.
-Say yes.
♪ And all
Your precious colors ♪
Do I get to pick out
my own outfit?
Deal.
Who wants another s'more?
[Miller] This is all you needed?
Peggy said you've been
looking for me all day.
I can't do my job
without the boss's permission.
Yeah.
How sad is that?
She likes you.
Winterbottom.
Don't deny it.
Finding this crap out
is my job.
She, uh--
She tell you that?
-That she likes me?
-I can tell.
So just be a good guy.
She deserves that.
I agree.
♪ Now our moment's come ♪
♪ I'll shiver your spine ♪
♪ Your pleasure is mine ♪
That smile
about Nanda's case?
♪ We can heal together ♪
[chuckles] You think the
Governor's throwing staplers
at her staff right now?
-Knives.
-[laughs]
Come on. Let's go
across the street and celebrate.
-I don't drink.
-Eh, order a soda.
I have other things
we need to talk about.
I have a dinner,
actually.
With Laurel Castillo?
-I was gonna tell you--
-Now you're gonna
let me talk for once.
You like control. So do I, but
only one of us here is the boss.
So, from now on, you're gonna
share any and all pertinent
information about your clinic,
-including who works there.
-Of course.
-And you're gonna
take any case I assign you.
-I told you--
You want to save the world,
I know. But this ship is
sinking, Annalise,
and the only way to save it--
my job, your job, your clinic--
is to make money.
So you're gonna put the
do-gooder girl-scout crap aside,
and you're gonna
make the firm some cash.
♪ Can you feel us now? ♪
Okay.
♪ Can you hear us now? ♪
-[knock on door]
-Hello?
Anybody home?
What are you
doing here?
I live across the hall.
What are you doing here?
Uh, my roommate
kicked me out.
This guy I hoop with
told me about this place.
Saved my ass.
I'd be sleeping in the stacks
tonight if this place
hadn't worked out.
[Liz] Is there a name
for that swivel move?
-I call it
the "Hurricane Francis".
-[laughs]
I can do it again,
but first I need a favor.
♪ To haunt you forever ♪
Tell your roommate Gabriel
he can't live with you anymore.
♪ True love ♪
[Asher] Wait, I would've moved
into your apartment if I knew
it had the better view.
-[Gabriel] Not too late
to trade.
-[ringing]
No, yours...
♪ Alone ♪
Hey, it's me.
I finally found a way
into the kid's head.
If he's here to hurt her,
I'm about to find out.
Is it stupid for me to think
that this can... work?
Because, you know, I sense that
things have changed with us,
and...
Talk to me.
It's Miller.
I was trying to find out
what he knew,
if Denver
told him anything.
But things changed...
and...
No.
You don't need me to tell you
how stupid this is.
You said it yourself,
we need to start living--
Living smart.
Don't you get tired
of being alone?
Yes, you have a new place
and a new job, but--
The fact that I'm not in jail
or dead is a miracle.
That can't be all you want
out of your life.
We all deserve something good.
You taught me that.
It's okay to want things--
men...
But you just can't be
all messy about it.
Life is messy. You know that
better than anyone.
There's a mess that life gives
you and the mess that you make.
Denver was his mentor.
-He doesn't know anything--
-How do you know that?
Because he's nice to you,
calls you pretty?
Phew, I didn't need to
tell you any of this--
You know what
this reminds me of?
This reaction is why no one
is ever honest with you--
Sam! You always want men
you can't have.
-He is nothing like Sam.
-How do you know
he's not playing you?
Because I spent
the last three months
getting to know him.
-Falling for him!
-He is falling for me!
That is why I trust him,
because if he saw
what was in my file,
he'd want nothing
to do with me.
[sighs]
[Jillian] We're all set.
The DNA sample
we sent to Denver
was from a blood test
run on a baby boy
abandoned
at St. Lincoln Hospital.
That was
over 20 years ago.
The hospital took records of his
footprints, ran blood tests...
Two days later,
the baby was kidnapped.
Any suspects?
Just her.
[cries]
Okay.
It's warm now, right?
So much better than the snow.
You are such a good boy,
so quiet.
Okay.
Bonnie! Why haven't you
been answering your phone?
Uh, Christopher
had an accident.
Oh. Okay, just...
Did you talk to Nate?
About what?
[Laurel] Thank God.
I was starting to panic.
Did he need a change
or something?
Yeah, I didn't want
to bother you.
Bother me? Impossible
with a face this cute.
Thank you, Bon Bon.
Come, papi.
We need another dance.
♪ Duh-duh-duh ♪
What were you saying
about Nate?
Whose blood is that?
Whose blood is that,
Bonnie?
Bonnie, tell me
whose blood it is.
Bonnie, whose blood is it?!